But I wanna see Lee Van Cleef; ya know I'd like to see ol' Lee
Whatever happened to Lee Van Cleef; whatever happened to Lee?
Now the Studebaker's gone, Lee's passed on, Clint's still sharp as can be
Hilltop Drive-In is an Auto Mall, but no one's built over Lee
He'll get a kick outta watchin' Clint, we all get a kick outta Clint
Hi Hi Hi Hi
But Lee never been none quite like Clint, there's really only one Clint
But I really did like Lee Van Cleef; I sure did really like Lee
Whatever happened to Lee Van Cleef; whatever happened to Lee?
We still get a kick outta watchin' Clint; we all get a kick outta Clint
Hi Hi Hi Hi
There ain't never been one quite like Clint, there's really only one Clint
I always did like Lee Van Cleef; always did like Lee
Nobody's steely like Lee Van Cleef. Whatever happened to Lee?
Whatever happened to Lee Van Cleef? Don't forget about Lee.


Too many puppies are being shot in the dark
Too many puppies are trained not to bark
At the sight of blood that must be spilled so that
We may maintain our oil fields
Too many puppies
Too many puppies

Too many puppies are taught to heal
Too many puppies are trained to kill
On the command of men wearing money belts that buy
Mistresses sleek animal pelts


My Friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.
Let me tell you why.
He's the epitome of neighborly.
My friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.
Let me tell y'all why.
He drips personality.
My friend Fats, he's a heck of a Joe.
You should watch him go,
Bopping in the band shine
With a bota bag of fried wine.


Wynona's got herself a big brown beaver
and she shows it off to all her friends.
One day, you know, that beaver tried to leave her,
So she caged him up with cyclone fence.
Along came Lou with the old baboon
And said "Recognize that smell?"
"Smells like seven layers,
That beaver eats Taco Bell."


"To Defy The Laws Of Tradition"

What if Christmas didn't come this year
And no one paid for Christmas cheer?
Who would cry the biggest tear
The child or the store?
Why do brides wear virgin white?
Most do not deserve that right
But to choose a color of they're delight
Would surely bring on the frowns
To defy the laws of tradition
Is a crusade only of the brave
Suppose the taxman, he comes to town
And you don't lay your money down
Yet Mr. Jones he killed Mr. Brown the other day
Well I wonder, who's gonna go to hell
